where should I leave early and me
before that I chill out again
welcome here for a new video
on my channel yes the thing is us
are already about people like you
already over incredible
but I drove five and a half hours
have just bought the cocoa at
at the gas station what about the
is targeted and existed now it works
right now in the car if you think me
I think there was swinging in the car right now
the people always very specifically with me
still a little bit ahead of us
and then we are already in Cologne
we will arrive then
probably directly at the hotel then
you will not check in
but in any case
a little bit more in front of us because of that
ins always stays fit
I do not have the whole ride now
filmed people because of five and a half
I have to concentrate hours already
drive through that there always quite fit
stay and with the wendler of course
on the go people think that's us
have to deal with somehow
we're already driving over six
hours
We arrived soon in Cologne from
our hometown to cologne are around
the 800 km
the right departure is but people of
always farmer with us she is with the
of course, on the way and commemorating
what are you doing with it?
so that you do not get bored firstly
We have the right down here cacau
Finally people drink cocoa is the
best distraction in the world i mean man
You have to ski every five minutes
but go there for the cool 21 and the
second one waits for that comes immediately
second is casey realize we have
already be a total of five hours
whole album of bolivia
we have the first 300 kilometers
we had to kissinger first
album listen from the customer because people
We how could we be against the wall
hampered that we have the cell phone via
bluetooth connect with the pc is now
has hanging us a song he remained
everything without a joke is a song to us
especially stuck
therefore end
holy shit people still a few kilometers
I believe in the last 50 meters last
30 km to Cologne people are just here
at mcdonalds or stands as a shit
station is 41 5 degrees 41 5 fucking degree
people I sweat all over my place
Back I think is soaking wet white
know what is funniest is you listening
That time we just drove up
highways how fast we drove
200210 is difficult to live on is mine
what happens then brings brings me
driving me in fucking audi away people there
he's called the piper is easy with
I pass by me, I swear people
I swear I'm scared boy
I'm really shocked
I think so you chill out
just go straight on
once a guy drives with 240 things
where I'm right
Terrified that was for an audi audi
a8
so long long day people and we always
no hotel found the thing
we will only set it first
sweat out the gear
really old and will be now first
brush in benzer and then the right to
run over my sister and then
first eat something and then afterwards us
to take care of the hotel was now correct
Shoot it down properly and do the thing
It was we at hotels that you without
the template will cost 170 euros the night
No idea is his playstation
with it or not anymore
and yes, always chilling people stay
but it would have to be yes I know she sees
namely, the systems are a little funny and
sweats like a real cattle
young people without joke pirates now
already it is so now gabi it is now
nine o'clock 21 fucking time
We ate at 12 noon
her friend resp
the man who married me he had the
bird or married
currently showering for 20 minutes itches him
just not the scent I say
my sister hello we come one
half an hour which fits ok we are
half an hour later because without joke the has
now half an hour the long
made hair and it looks so
out
That's why people are always completely chilled
Hopefully we'll go then
in the next in the next two
eating hours would be something nice
is or make time
finally people finally we are at
Restaurant arrived without joke I got
the biggest hole in the belly that a human
it can be half past nine and we can
still not eaten since 12 o'clock
but yuk yuk just not people
the two just do not itch anymore
therefore always very chilled small
people for so long
what is there to eat there
actually to eat the capital food
I have to dare then
first funds so my friends we are
here both are free of upper body
people have finally made it
now arrived in the hotel
without joke ready i'm dead tired people
I'm really looking forward to the next one
days that is right properly targeted
we have something with upgrade
your size is not around abortion station
That's why they always chill out
stays and he looks forward to the
next day you definitely
properly targeted people therapy
and keskin cologne old everything clear or
What do you say to that?
oh just simply the switch